The voice level sees the one you talked to before.
Oh, okay.
Why don't you tell us about the weather out there while he catches your voice?
Well, it's cold as hell here.
It's what?
It's cold as hell here, if you don't mind that phrase.
It's cold for me.
I'm coming out here from California and there's 20 degree weather out here and I'm used to
50s or 60s at this time of year.
So I've been here two, three days, another part of Philadelphia.
And I got up this morning, it was 22, 23 degrees.
That was a little cold.
Yeah, I'm from California myself.
So I...
Where about?
Go ahead.
Yeah.
Okay, listen.
Yeah, the tape's rolling now.
Listen, the first question, you know, I intend to be specific like you suggested, but the
first question, I just wanted to have you say a little bit about the origin or genesis
of Underwood Miller.
You know how you got together and started it?
Yeah.
I'm not gonna be glad to because it's kind of an unusual story as far as business partnerships
are concerned.
In 1975, I decided I wanted to publish a book.
Specifically, I wanted to publish The Dying Earth in a Hardcover Form.
And I was a used book dealer and Chuck Miller was a used book dealer dealing in rare and
out of print books and some new material.
And we knew of each other.
And I think we had bought and sold books from each other from time to time.
And Chuck heard about...
I may have mentioned in a letter about The Dying Earth.
And Chuck offered his expertise because he knew a good deal about certain parts of publishing
industry, about distribution and that end of it.
And my experience, my limited experience had to do with just graphically putting a book
together.
And so he suggested that we do the book together.
And so we did.
And the interesting thing is that we never met each other until the book had already
been published.
And that was a year later in 1976.
And up to that time, we were literally exchanging thousands of dollars to the mail and doing
business without ever having met each other.
We were in a sense complete strangers.
But we had this one connection and that is we both felt strongly about this one work
of fancies of The Dying Earth and about fancies work in general and specifically about fantasy
and science fiction and horror and literature.
And we had that association.
And the fact is that that literary genre of fantasy and science fiction, most of the people
in it seemed to be honest.
At least most of the people dealing in it professionally as book dealers and book buyers.
And so that it worked out well.
A year later we met in Kansas City at a convention selling The Dying Earth and selling some other
books.
And since then we've gone on and have published, I think it's up to 43 books now.
I haven't counted.
Mostly Vance but some other authors also as Alasney and Williamson and Robert E. Howard
and Stephen R. Donaldson and a few others.
So that's the general background.
I met Vance in the course of publishing The Dying Earth.
I wrote him a letter and he wrote back and he's in the same general prescenities and
hours drive from my house.
He wrote back and said come over and I did.
And we struck up quite a friendship.
And a few years later Jack attended the convention out east and met Chuck and three of us spent
some time together.
And for us friends and anything else, our association has been through the book, through
publishing Jack's books.
But our relationship has really not been one of business at all.
We have business maybe twice a year when we pay royalties to them or we send them a contract.
But it's very casually done and doesn't really figure too much in the relationship.
And I'd say that's the background.
Yeah that's fine.
That's excellent.
As long as you brought up Jack Vance already, why did you think Dying Earth was special?
What was the input that was there for wanting to publish that one?
Well at that time and in fact it's even more true today, a lot of science fiction and fantasy
and sometimes the best of it does not get published in hardcover editions.
And what Chuck and I do is we publish high quality hardcover books for collectors in
limited editions and for libraries on acid free paper and with library binding like that.
And we publish small editions and our editions are too small really for a mainstream New
York publisher like Harper and Row or Double Day to bother with.
They have to publish 5,000 books in hardcover just to break even with their advertising
and their overhead.
We can publish an edition of 1,000 or 1,500 and do alright because we don't have a large
overhead and our advertising consists of essentially specialty bookstores in our mailing list.
We also sell the libraries extensively but that doesn't require much advertising so we're
filling a slot there.
And The Dying Earth was the first book we did and it was just a book that is essentially
a classic.
It was published in 1950 as a paperback and it had never been in hardcover and it's just
one of the outstanding books in the fantasy field and 200 years from now people will be
reading it.
And it had never been in a durable hardcover edition and so we put it in one and sold it
to collectors and sold it to libraries and did very well with it.
Do you eventually intend to do all of Vance's work or just selected items?
I would say most of it, a good deal of it simply because we have our association with
Vance and a number of our clients are Vance fans and collect Vance and a lot of what Vance
has written is good.
Vance of course is among a lot of other fantasy and science fiction writers.
It says written in his share of forgettable fiction but a lot of what he's written is
really memorable and worth preserving and Vance like other science fiction and fantasy
writers like Fritz Leiber and Philip K. Dick and Ursula Gwyn and any number of people you
could name had the bulk of their work published in paperback and these books never saw a hard
cover edition simply because of the economics of the time.
So yeah, we are publishing other authors now but we will continue to publish Vance's work
because we both enjoy reading it and we think it's significant literature.
In other words, part of your concern there is to make sure that work you think is significant
is made permanent so it's available to readers.
Just to preserve the work, that was the original.
That is just a pleasure of book making.
Just a pleasure.
Chuck and I both take a great pleasure in making a good book.
A book that has its signature sound which is something that doesn't occur in general
trade hard cover publishing anymore.
A book that's printed on acid free paper so that in 20 or 30 years the paper won't turn
into a very well bound book, attractively made and artistically put together.
Do a publishing a book like that, creating a book like that is really a pleasure.
And of course your listeners may care to know that they may not understand that a publisher
is not a printer.
A publisher traditionally has always just been a person who creates the book and organizes
the book as a package, as a book, not as a novel.
The writer writes the fiction and the publisher sees that it's manufactured but as of today
no major publisher owns any printing equipment.
I think Double Day was the last house that actually owned some printing equipment and
we no longer do.
And we're the same way.
Our books are manufactured in Michigan.
I live in California and Chuck Miller lives in Pennsylvania and we do everything at a
distance.
We design the books and we decide as to what size they're going to be and who's going
to illustrate them if they're illustrated.
We make the editorial choice of deciding what books to publish and when and how many copies
to print and those kind of decisions.
And then the book is sent off to a printer and the book is printed and bound and then
shipped back to us.
And so that is essentially what we do and we do it, Chuck and I do it together, talking
on the phone once or twice a week and through the mail.
If I remember, some of your earlier books in the back it said that they had been printed,
I thought, or the typography or the printing was somewhere in San Francisco.
Now what's that got to do with Michigan?
I'm not sure the...
The first book that we did was manufactured in San Francisco and the second book that
we did was manufactured in Illinois, in Indiana.
The first book we did was manufactured in San Francisco.
The second book was by Donnelly in Indiana and then the third book and all the books
since then, A Save One, which was printed up in Vermont, but most of them have been
in mid-Michigan.
There's a reason for that.
We're doing what's called short print runs, which is 1,000, 1,500 copies and there are
printers in the Michigan area who are set up to do that length of print run.
That they can do that length of print run very economically.
For example, whoever is printing Vikings books and actually most of them are printed
in Browper, over in Vermont, that particular printer is set up to do from five to 100,000
books and they like to do 20 or 30,000 at minimum and that's where they're economical.
They can't do 1,000 books.
To do 1,000 books there would cost a great deal of money.
By the same token, because of the size of their press and the size of their shop, the
printer that we use in the mid-Michigan area in Ann Arbor is set up to do from 500 to 1,500
books and that's their niche.
Just because of the size of the press and the size of the shop and a number of other
factors, depending upon how many books you're printing and what kind of book and what quality
of book you want printed, you have to shop around and find the best place to do it.
It took us a year or two to really find our stride to find the right printer who could
print a very high quality book in a limited edition and yet at a reasonable price.
When we found one, we stuck with them.
Good.
I understand better now.
Okay, listen, say for a book by Vance, what's a normal run of a cloth book like that and
how do you determine how many you're going to do?
Why not more if you can sell them?
You're making a vibrant run now.
Yeah.
The books we do.
Okay, we normally do, well, Green Magic, for example, is 1,500 copies.
Some of them are as few as 500 copies.
We're primarily publishing for collectors.
When we have a book that's essentially a new collection like Green Magic was or it's
the first hardcover edition, a book, or first edition, a book that's never been out as such
before, which Galactic Effectuator was.
We might do a few more, but generally we'd stay around 1,000 copies or 1,500 copies.
There's a couple reasons for that.
One is we're selling to collectors and the collectors are buying these books with the
knowledge that they're going to go out of print and become valuable later on.
Another reason is that Chuck and I don't own a warehouse and we are not in business to
have a large inventory.
We would make more money if we printed more books because as you print more books, the
cost per book of manufacturing goes down dramatically.
But we just simply can't afford to have a lot of books in inventory sitting around.
We can't afford.
Our books go out of print in about nine months and this is just the opposite of a major manufacturer
like Dutton or Brown or someone like that.
They want their book to stay in print as long as possible.
We want our books to go out of print as soon as possible.
The reason for that being that, well, a couple reasons.
One, we are manufacturing and selling with a book collector in mind and a lot of these
people are investors.
They are essentially investing in our books.
Another reason being that it's a simple economic reason that Chuck and I are just due to economics
are turning our money over as fast as we can because we don't have an unlimited source.
We don't deal with banks the way a major publisher is essentially dealing with a printer and dealing
with banks and a big factor in their business is the interest rate because they are dealing
with unborrowed money and we are not.
We are using our own money and just continuing to reinvest it in what we are doing.
That's how we operate and that's why we are printing very few books.
Okay, fine.
You mentioned that both of you had been booksellers and so forth so maybe you can give me an insight
into this, that original printing of the dying earth.
I think that probably was what, $15.95 when you sent it out.
Quite a high price at the time.
What do you think in the hands of collectors that would be worth an hour, say in the near future?
You think that's appreciated quite a bit already?
It has.
I have seen copies in San Francisco of the regular trade edition of that which came out at $15.95.
I've seen them sell at $15.60.
That was five years ago that was published.
Are all your cloth editions first editions?
With a few exceptions, they are mostly first hard cover editions.
We just finished a series called the Demon Prince series and the first three in that series had been out in hard cover in England.
You couldn't call them cloth-bound editions because they weren't.
They were cheaply bound with paper boards and they were not a very well made book.
In that sense, what we did was the first cloth-bound edition.
There were these hard covers that had been out previously in England.
But by and large, all of our books and essentially what we're doing is publishing first hard cover editions.
That's essentially our business.
We published a book by Silverburg this year that will be part of a larger collection next year in hard cover.
We may be doing a book next year by Ursula Le Guin which Harper will be publishing.
We just may precede the Harper edition with a 500 copy edition of our own.
We may precede the Harper edition by three or four months and our edition would then be signed and numbered of a very high quality binding.
By and large, our whole business is to publish hard covers and be the first hard cover edition publisher.
That's essentially because we're publishing for collectors and they want hard covers and they want first editions.
That's why a number of our books are signed and numbered for the same reason.
Right.
How do you go about choosing an author to publish?
What criteria do you use?
Chuck and I share a similar taste.
Our criteria is first that the author be good and be writing something that's worthwhile.
Again, we're speaking of most of the books we're talking about are within fantasy, science fiction and horror genres.
Second, they have to have a certain popularity.
There are some authors who are good, who are not collectible or are not popular and we simply can't afford to publish people like that.
There are a few people like that that we would like to publish but cannot.
We may, from time to time, do one book by them.
We would like to do a book by Arvind Davidson, who's really quite a good writer.
And there are some other writers that we will be doing that may or may not be collectible, may not be saleable.
And writers who are trying to do new things, Carl Wagner is trying to do some new things within the horror field and we may be publishing him.
But essentially, we're taking authors who are already well known and popular and whose work has some significance.
And because they're not getting published in hardcover or in the case maybe of Ursula Le Guin,
because the way that they're making hardcover these days is so poor of quality,
that these authors want a hardcover edition of their work that's going to be durable and well made.
And the fact is that the hardcover publishers simply economically can't do it because they can't sell enough to make it worth their while.
So we step into that void, that simple economics, the fact that Japan bought a lot of lumber in this country and drove the price of paper up.
And just other factors which have driven up the price of books and cut down the number of new books being published.
Odd situations such as the fact that the tax law changed last year and now publishers are getting stuck with tax for their inventory.
And this is a whole new situation and it's causing publishers not to have inventory and to be more careful about what books they publish.
So there again, you have fewer new titles published each year.
And this is a trend that's going to continue and more and more paperback originals.
And as long as that trend continues, there'll be a need for people like us who are publishing a small number of hardcover books for libraries
and for people who want to have a library of their own in their house.
Very good. Okay, excellent. Listen, why did you get into the bibliography aspect of it? What was the intention there?
Again, it was in the same way that Chuck and I got together simply because we both shared a love of books and a love of Vance's work.
Chuck and I were contacted by a man named Daniel Levac in Canoga Park, which is Los Angeles, California.
And he wanted to do a bibliography of Jack Vance's work. He'd done one and we ended up publishing it.
And we're now involved in a series of bibliographies. We just published Philip K. Dick and that bibliography, which is annotated and has 200 reproductions of covers, is a bibliography like none other.
We think it's the best bibliography of any author that has ever been published. It's actually more than a bibliography. It deserves a new name.
And it's primarily due to the work of Daniel Levac, who's not only a good bibliographer, but he organizes the projects.
He essentially got in touch with us and he offered his services, which were very good indeed.
And we went along with it simply because he was very eager to do it and willing to do it.
And Chuck and neither Chuck nor I are bibliographers, but this fellow was. And he liked what we liked.
And again, the connection was a personal connection, not a business connection.
We're not doing bibliographies because there's a lot of money in it. There isn't.
But we're doing it simply because we enjoy doing it and we enjoy working with this fellow Levac, who deserves an award of some kind for this Philip K. Dick book, which he just put together and was published.
And we'll be continuing because essentially he's doing more. He's got two or three more that he's completed.
And essentially we're publishing them because he's doing them and that's the main reason.
Okay, which one's after Dick, do you think?
Well, he's finished Roger Zalazny and he's finished Frank Herbert, nearly finished.
And he's working on a bibliography of Elsprague de Camp, which is 400 pages long.
It's an enormous work and the annotations to that work.
Let me say that all of these bibliographies now that we've settled on a format are annotated.
In other words, each novel and each story is briefly summarized in plots and description.
And in the case of a writer like Sprague de Camp, this meant about 40,000 words, just of annotations, almost a full length book, just in story descriptions and novel descriptions.
And De Camp has written so much and been published, bibliographies are internationally, it's been published in so many places that the bibliography is 300 or 400 pages long.
It won't be that long when it's typeset, it'll be 200 or 250 out pages, but it'll be really enormous, it's a gigantic project.
And Dehan is doing such a good job, just such a remarkable job that we would publish it probably if we lost money in it.
They're just books that need to go out there and see the light of day.
Okay, listen, have you finished the, I used to say Chai, but when we talked to Jack Vance he said Che.
I say Chai even though he says Che because there are some words that have to sound the same way, but yeah, go ahead.
Have you finished The Last Volume of Noom in that series?
Yes, it is finally out.
You know, it's funny, before we go on, I have to say that some books have a life of their own, some books, some of these bibliographies will come out and they seem to have an impetus of their own to be published.
And the dying earth, that may be true, we may have simply been the instruments of that book seeing hardcover publication, you know, it may have had some kind of life of its own.
On the other hand, some books refuse to be born, you may say, or maybe they're jinxed from the start, and that series was one of them.
That series which we started three, four years ago and intended to finish up in a year or so, and it's taken that long and we've had problems with the original illustrator
who he had his own personal problems and couldn't finish and we had problems typesetting the book.
One of the books was typeset twice. We had just a number of manufacturing problems.
One of the books had to be reprinted completely. It was an interesting lesson because everything went wrong with that series that could possibly go wrong and it eventually did get out.
The last volume, the last number four came out in October and Chuck and I both breathed the sigh of relief.
Yeah, okay, I'm glad. I've got the first three. I better get on that fourth one.
Yeah, it's the first series. I think very highly of those four books. I enjoy them immensely and I'm happy to say they're out there.
Well, yeah, okay, you've really answered this next question all the way through your answers, I guess, but let me sort of rephrase it anyhow.
I take it then that the Underwood Miller endeavor is really more a labor of love than it is an attempt to earn money or to...
It is both. We are earning a living by it and we really have a lot of potential down the road and I'll let you ask that same question to Chuck Miller who's here in just a moment
if you will, but from my point of view, we are making a living. We've both learned a lot about what we're doing.
We've associated ourselves with some publishers in New York and we're acquainted now with virtually everyone within the field from publishers, editors, manufacturers, whatever,
who has anything to do with publishing fantasy and science fiction. We've met other authors who we may at some later date publish such as James Colvell.
We have just gained a lot of expertise and know-how and from that point of view, we could do a lot of other things and we may be doing other things.
We're now putting together a book about Stephen King. It's a critical collection. We did a critical book on Jack Vance's work and essentially learned how to do one by doing one
and that's kind of how we've operated from the beginning and now that we have little experience there, we're doing one on Stephen King.
Stephen King has never been one and we essentially solicited critical pieces from a number of the other authors in the horror field who owe a debt to King to some extent because King has popularized the horror field
and or who just wanted to say something about King's writing because they either like it or don't like it and we put together a number of essays and critical pieces and we're now editing them and we're going to be publishing that book as a hardcover ourselves
and it will come out as a paperback from a mass market publisher in New York some later day. So we're able to do a book like that, put together a package like that and there's a lot of promise in the future but what we're doing began as a labor of love
and no we're certainly not doing it. We wouldn't do it for money because when you work for yourself I think you end up working a lot longer hours and working harder. That's been my experience and Chuck's experience too I think.
We wouldn't be doing it for the money, no. We do it because we like doing it and we really couldn't either of us conceive of doing anything else.
Okay, excellent. Well listen, I would have one more question for you and then maybe I could ask a couple of Chuck before we let you go.
Very good.
As a friend of Jack Vance, I've always, Vance to me is the greatest writer going. You know, I've worshipped him for a long time.
I guess I don't know how to phrase the question. I've always been, let me just give a couple thoughts. Maybe you can just respond to them in a personal way.
First of all, I've always been amazed at the lack of recognition for a writer of his abilities. I don't think he's gotten the recognition he deserved until recently and I don't even think he's gotten it now.
Also, his uniqueness. I think he's awfully unique in his style, his ideas, his abilities. When we talked to him, he didn't think he was unique at all.
He was just a craftsman going about his job and he didn't see anything special or different or etc.
You know, could you just sort of respond like what attracted you to Vance and your relationship with him?
I think Jack has accomplished some things with some of his works that have just never been done before.
Not only in terms of style, but in terms of feeling. He Parkinson's to a certain spirit, I think.
A certain kind of person or certain kind of spirit is on his wavelength and responds strongly to his work.
The latter part of his work and the best of his work is extremely well crafted. He's a craftsman, very well written and accomplishes a lot of really unusual things in a very quiet way.
The tafflinger book called Jack Vance, which contains some critical essays on him, explains a little bit about how and why he goes about that, how he accomplishes what he does.
My feeling is that one responds strongly to Vance, one who feels much the same way about the world that he does.
I think, why isn't he though as popular as John Lycoray, who I think people respond to in the same way?
Vance is more of a rarefied taste, I think. The kind of things that he feels are important.
The strangeness in the world about us and the unusual qualities of life itself, those kind of considerations are not important to a lot of people.
People who do feel these things strongly are going to like what Vance writes. They're going to enjoy reading. They're going to enjoy the world that he's created.
I think that. Partly, Vance has been kind of a recluse and has refused to promote his own work and refused to be involved in that.
For a number of years, he was misrepresented. His agent, in my opinion, his agent did not do much work for him.
Vance now has an agent who is working for him, Kirby McCauley, and that has done a great deal to turn Vance's career around.
Vance recently has been reviewed in the LA Times and the Washington Post in the past year. He's beginning to get some recognition.
Vance is just completing a book called, as you may know, Lioness. It's a very large, major work of fantasy.
This book also will, I think, establish his career or make people pay attention.
Jack has not done a lot of the things that make other writers successful. Like he's never stayed with one character.
The way that, say, Lake Array stayed with Smiley. Or the way that someone writes a Doc Savage novel 15 times in a row or whatever.
He hasn't done that. And he hasn't had one hero that he's repeated for any great number of books.
And he hasn't had one contemporary theme that appeals to people like the battle of the sexes or something like that.
Those aren't Jack's themes. Jack's considerations and themes are enormously subtle and kind of a rarefied nature.
That's as best as I can answer that question.
That's about what I would say, too. It's hard to pin him down. I agree.
We'll just submit, David. I just want to ask Chuck a few questions. We could do that.
Do you hear a lot of static?
There's a bit in the background, yeah.
David says we're getting a lot here. Listen, I just had a few questions to ask of Chuck. So maybe, can we just call you back for just a couple more?
Okay. I'll hang up and call back and...
Yeah, it'll just be a few minutes more. Thank you.
Fine. That's fine.
Okay, I'll get you in a second.
Very good.
Are you rolling, David?
Yeah, I'll take the line.
Yeah, we're rolling the tape. Listen, I have a couple questions that would be in the same general area that you probably had heard Tim Underwood respond to.
But from what you heard, do you have any kinds of comments or additions to what he was saying on anything in particular before I get down to some?
No, whatever you have in mind.
Okay.
Oh, let's see. How about... I don't think I ever got a specific... he sort of interwelled through his answers a statement, sort of a statement on the purpose of Underwood Miller.
Could you sort of synthesize that for me?
Well, I believe that basic purpose is that this fantasy and science fiction literature will simply endure and will simply continue to be read for hundreds and possibly another thousand years.
As long as this sort of literature is read and enjoyed, the books that we publish will be read again and again by future generations.
It's a real grasp on the future here. I guess you've heard Tim talk about, oh, you know, the cloth bindings in the paper without acid in.
I don't know if you realize the distinction there, but most books just don't have that.
You know, the paper, they have acid in them, so it dissolves the wood pulp and the bindings are made cheap,
so that after you read them, I'll say three or four times, or a paperback, you read it a couple times and it falls apart on you.
But these books that we make are going to last, and as they are manufactured to last, the literature in them, the words and the contents, we believe, have a lasting value,
so that this will continue to be enjoyed again and again.
Okay, very good. Tim said a lot of things about this, too, but maybe you could synthesize this for me.
What would be the difference between an Underwood Miller edition and, say, the addition of a major publisher, a hardback in each case, in terms of how the book is put together?
Well, we work a little closer to the line than a large publisher. They simply have more avenues to explore as far as distribution goes,
so they're able to print more copies and to sell more books, whereas we are dealing with a specific market, basically designed for libraries and people who collect this literature.
So what we're trying to do is, not exactly, but sort of like the Franklin Men, although they do these massive editions and they're kind of open-ended.
What they do is they'll take an order in for, their edition is limited to as many people as order it, whereas ours are strictly limited to, say, a thousand copies, whatever we state to begin with.
That's pretty much what it is. So whereas a larger publisher would sell however many they can conceivably sell with their six-figure ad budget,
well, we only sell a thousand. That's basically it. Otherwise, we all go through the same things in manufacturing and design.
We put possibly a little more care, but a lot less money into our design factors in making a book, what it should be.
When you design a book, you look at it and you have to absorb from the story what factors occur to you as to how the book should be presented in a physical form.
A larger publisher can spend an awful lot of money and still not come up with a good design. We feel we don't spend as much money and we do come up with a good design.
Now when you say design, what exactly do you mean? Do you mean the kind of type, the chapter headings, the style of numbering? What is involved?
The type, yes, enters into it. It's the whole book. What kind of paper should be used on the dust wrapper? Should it be illustrated?
If it should be illustrated, by whom should it be illustrated? Different styles of illustrators lend themselves to certain works and certain ways.
What kind of cloth, what color of the book should be? All these factors add into what is the design of the book and they're all considered, every point is considered.
How do you choose an illustrator?
Well, basically working from the text, some texts are more action oriented and we go for an artist who has this in his style. Not every artist can do everything.
We try to choose one who is suitable for the work. Other texts are more say, intellectually oriented. They're a little more slope-paced, more cerebral than physical in action.
They call for a certain other type of illustration. That's all.
Do you ever respond to any collectors in choosing your books or is it just between you and Tim Underwood as to what you do?
As to what you publish.
At our editorial choice, you mean?
Yes, which authors and which books you pick. Do you respond? If a collector says, why don't you do so and so next year or something?
We get an awful lot of that kind of stuff. People have all kinds of ideas of what they would like. They're favorite authors, their favorite book.
A lot of it with bands and stuff in particular, stuff that we've had in mind for a while and just haven't gotten to.
Although lately we've gotten to a lot of it. We filled in a lot of the gaps that we had left for the past few years, meaning that we just got caught up with some of our scheduling.
Other people have different authors that they of course would like to see or a particular story that they know.
A lot of these people have not so much inside information, but personal information with the author. Meaning that they'll have a favorite author and they'll realize that the guy has, say, an unpublished mystery manuscript lying around.
They'll say, well, you should publish this guy's mystery manuscript. That's all well and good. We listen to it, but when it really gets down to it, it's our money on the line, so we make the decision.
That's good.
Yeah, that's the only way we can.
Okay, listen, Tim was saying that I got the impression, his last few answers, that you're thinking of expanding some, or at least there's a possibility of such. Could you respond to that, like, I mean, doing different kinds of things and just expanding? Is that possible?
Well, yes and no. Expanding in terms of book packaging is certainly possible. And that seems to be the direction in which we are heading.
It's a different challenge to us. All of this is a challenge. We've never really kind of set still on what we've been doing. We kind of keep at it and work on it, make it a little bit better, make it a little bit smoother, and just make it work a little better.
As far as physically doing more books, well, there's not that much more we could do. I'd say our maximum number of books that two people can do in a year would be 15. After that, if we start sponsoring more books, we're not going to do as good a job on each book.
And then if we would just limit ourselves, limit our attentions and our energies to just these certain number of projects, we just take, if we bite off more than we can chew, we're going to be up the creek. That's kind of it too.
So, yeah, there is expansion going on, but not so much in physical terms of the number of books.
Yeah, okay, listen, I think we've probably taken enough of your time. Our tape is just about out here. I wanted to say this personally, to thank both of you for what you're doing. I'm exactly the kind of reader and collector that you were aiming at.
I've got over half your books, I've collected them, and that was what I thought. I said, boy, this is great. I want these books because they're going to last. I have an old beat-up copy of Dying Earth, and I read it so much, it's falling apart. So what you intended to do for a lot of people is being done, and I appreciate it.
Well, thank you very much. It was a really nice talk with you.
Well, listen, David would like, is Tim Underwood still there?
Yeah.
Yeah, David would like...